# blogs
http://stevan-little.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming blog
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/yuvalkogman?format=xml programming blog
http://blog.sartak.org/feeds/posts/default programming blog
http://blog.urth.org/atom.xml programming blog
http://www.shadowcat.co.uk/feed/blog/matt-s-trout programming blog
http://rjbs.manxome.org/rubric/entries/user/rjbs/has_body/1?format=rss programming blog
http://chris.prather.org/atom.xml programming blog
http://blog.weftsoar.net/feeds/posts/default programming blog
http://perldition.org/feeds/articles/atom programming blog
http://perl-yarg.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming blog
http://feeds.bulknews.net/bulknews programming blog
http://blog.plover.com/index.rss programming blog
http://www.onemogin.com/blog/rss.xml programming blog
http://feeds.feedburner.com/jshirley programming blog
http://jjnapiorkowski.typepad.com/modern-perl/atom.xml programming blog
http://www.modernperlbooks.com/mt/atom.xml programming blog
http://prog21.dadgum.com/atom.xml programming blog
http://ewontfix.com/feed.rss programming blog
http://verbistheword.wordpress.com/feed/ blog
http://genehack.org/feed/rss/index.xml blog
http://blog.moose.perl.org/atom.xml programming blog
http://me.veekun.com/atom.xml programming blog
http://clique.jonirons.net/feed/ marathon blog
http://www.patheos.com/community/slacktivist/feed/ religion politics blog
http://pervocracy.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default sex blog
http://quizzicalpussy.com/feed/ sex blog
http://zeroatthebone.wordpress.com/feed/ blog
http://www.racialicious.com/feed/ blog
http://gentlemansc.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default prof blog
http://learningcurves.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default prof blog
http://ohboyteaching.wordpress.com/feed/ prof blog
http://feeds.feedburner.com/thelastpsychiatrist/fLMy blog
http://www.freshgreenskinnyjeans.com/feed/ blog
http://lightskaleaction.com/feed/ blog
http://offtopic.akrasiac.org/?feed=rss2 crawl-offtopic gender blog
http://offtopic.akrasiac.org/?feed=sfw crawl-offtopic links
http://offtopic.akrasiac.org/?feed=nsfw crawl-offtopic links
http://bettermyths.com/feed/ writing
http://tevisthompson.com/feed/ writing
http://blog.okcupid.com/index.php/feed/
http://yoisthisracist.com/rss
http://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news/
http://memepool.com/memepool.rss
http://www.questionablecontent.net/QCRSS.xml webcomics
http://drmcninja.com/feed webcomics
http://rsspect.com/rss/qwantz.xml webcomics
http://rsspect.com/rss/asw.xml webcomics
http://www.xkcd.com/rss.xml webcomics
http://www.overcompensating.com/index.xml webcomics
http://achewood.com/rss.php webcomics
http://www.giantitp.com/comics/oots.rss webcomics
http://www.rsspect.com/rss/vagrant.xml webcomics
http://www.viruscomix.com/rss.xml webcomics
http://www.rsspect.com/rss/pfsc.xml webcomics
http://dresdencodak.com/category/comic/feed/ webcomics
http://basicinstructions.net/basic-instructions/rss.xml webcomics
http://www.marriedtothesea.com/rss/rss.php webcomics
http://www.dumbingofage.com/feed/rss/ webcomics
http://shaynamarchese.com/voids/?feed=rss2 webcomics
http://www.thenerdsofparadise.com/nerdsfeed.xml webcomics
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ScenesFromAMultiverse webcomics
http://garfieldminusgarfield.net/rss webcomics
http://feeds.feedburner.com/smbc-comics/PvLb webcomics
http://www.mspaintadventures.com/ webcomics
